CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to ByteHub

Welcome! This guide outlines how to contribute to ByteHub while maintaining our high standards for reliability and testing.

## Tech Stack
- **Language**: Rust (Stable)
- **Web Framework**: Axum
- **Database**: PostgreSQL (Aiven)
- **Database Toolkit**: sqlx (with offline/test macros)
- **Discord Library**: twilight-rs

## Project Structure
We use a **Library + Binary** structure:
- `src/lib.rs`: Contains core logic, models, and application state.
- `src/main.rs`: Lightweight entry point for the production server.
- `tests/github/`: Modular integration tests for each event type.

## Testing Strategy
We prioritize **event-driven logic tests** to ensure the bot triages GitHub events correctly. To prevent regressions, every major event should have a corresponding test in `tests/`.

### Database Isolation
We use `sqlx-test` for all integration tests. This ensures:
1. Every test runs against a **fresh, isolated logical database**.
2. Databases are automatically migrated and then dropped after the test.
3. No data collisions occur, even when tests run in parallel.

### Running Tests
Ensure your `.env` has a valid `DATABASE_URL` (ideally with `avnadmin` or a user with database creation rights).

```bash
cargo test
```

## Modular Development
When adding new GitHub events or triage rules:
1. Update `src/github/events.rs` with the new event structures.
2. Implement triage logic in `src/router/dispatch.rs`.
3. **Always** add a corresponding integration test in `tests/github_[event_type].rs`.

Thank you for helping us keep ByteHub rock-solid!

Commit message:

docs: add ByteHub Source Available License with royalty terms and CLA
- Add LICENSE.md with revenue-based royalty tiers (/3%, +/5%)
- Include Contributor License Agreement (Section 5)
- Add Indian law compliance (Copyright Act 1957, Contract Act 1872, IT Act 2000)
- Add arbitration clause per Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996
- Add severability, indemnification, and dispute resolution clauses
- Add CLA assistant GitHub Action workflow (.github/workflows/cla.yml)
- Add PR template with CLA notice (.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md)
- Add CLA signatures storage (signatures/cla.json)
- Update CONTRIBUTING.md with CLA reference

Copyright (c) 2025 Raj Sarkar (a.k.a. Ariaj Sarkar)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to ByteHub

> ⚠️ **IMPORTANT: By contributing to this project, you agree to the [Contributor License Agreement](LICENSE.md#8-contributor-license-agreement).**
>
> Opening a pull request means you accept that your contributions become the property of the project maintainer with no claims to royalties or ownership.

Welcome! This guide outlines how to contribute to ByteHub while maintaining our high standards for reliability and testing.

## Tech Stack
- **Language**: Rust (Stable)
- **Web Framework**: Axum
- **Database**: PostgreSQL (Aiven)
- **Database Toolkit**: sqlx (with offline/test macros)
- **Discord Library**: twilight-rs

## Project Structure
We use a **Library + Binary** structure:
- `src/lib.rs`: Contains core logic, models, and application state.
- `src/main.rs`: Lightweight entry point for the production server.
- `tests/github/`: Modular integration tests for each event type.

## Testing Strategy
We prioritize **event-driven logic tests** to ensure the bot triages GitHub events correctly. To prevent regressions, every major event should have a corresponding test in `tests/`.

### Database Isolation
We use `sqlx-test` for all integration tests. This ensures:
1. Every test runs against a **fresh, isolated logical database**.
2. Databases are automatically migrated and then dropped after the test.
3. No data collisions occur, even when tests run in parallel.

### Running Tests
Ensure your `.env` has a valid `DATABASE_URL` (ideally with `avnadmin` or a user with database creation rights).

```bash
cargo test
```

## Modular Development
When adding new GitHub events or triage rules:
1. Update `src/github/events.rs` with the new event structures.
2. Implement triage logic in `src/router/dispatch.rs`.
3. **Always** add a corresponding integration test in `tests/github_[event_type].rs`.

Thank you for helping us keep ByteHub rock-solid!
